The Joe Rogan.
Experience. You know what be, be nice to find that that's for sure,
but I believe, I believe Bob. I do,
and I believe Barney and Betty and I believe Travis. I.
Want to believe all of them.
I believe the, I believe the Allagash guys. Why would, why would they do this.
Full of? Where I love to lie. They love attention. They love crazy stories.
People love telling you their psychic people love believing in astrology people,
but people believe in Bigfoot.
I think that there's a lot of people out there that want fantastic things to be
real, including me. It's exciting. It's way more exciting than.
It is entertaining. That's why I love the whole substance of my problem.
The thing is that these people were severely damaged.
Like Barney hill was damaged. The Allagash boys were damaged.
Travis Walton were dumped psychologically damaged by these,
by these experiences.
We don't know. I mean, they might've been damaged already. This might've been,
yeah, this might've been something.
And you've seen Betty interviewed doesn't she come off as she does someone who
was extremely crowded.
She does. She does. So does Barney, the Betty and Barney hill.
So they're an interesting couple because they were an interracial couple.
What year was this that this happened?
So they were dealing with all sorts of pressure.
This is during the civil rights movement and they were, you know, uh, some,
you know, they were pretty, it was, it was not the,
what you would expect for people that were calling out and trying to get
attention and the way, you know, the way they describe this,
it resonated with people.
I was having nightmares and rashes and they had to come to some medical
conclusion about it and they consult.
Your friend consistent. The story was extremely.
It wasn't any, they consulted a friend at the air force, uh, you know,
who they knew when they came to Ben Simon in that? No, it's a,
it's a fascinating story. There's this, you know, it's just,
it's just in a way as again, it's, it's, it's very, very, very entertaining.
And how did.
You get involved in this? Well.
My mother, uh, worked for the, uh,
ministry of munitions and supply in world war two, uh, for the minister.
And she was, uh, uh, suborn to work with the, uh,
aircraft production, uh, for the hurricane. She was in charge of, uh,
working with, uh, getting the hurricane fuselage is built in Canada for, for,
for the, for the hurricane fighter plane. So she was, you know,
in the world of aviation and in 1947,
she was walking down sparks street in Ottawa.
And she looked up in the sky and she was sort of said,
something told me to look up. And she said,
she saw what looked like a Christmas tree ornament,
just winking above the street, about four or 500 feet winking on and off red,
green, white, red, green light. And she thought that's odd, you know?
And then she looked at it and she did it just zipped off in the sky and
disappeared. And around the house, after that point,
we always had articles. There's an article,
there's a cover of life magazine with Marilyn Monroe,
talked about flying saucers as their cover of look magazine with Elizabeth
Taylor at it catalogs the Barney and Betty Hill incident.
So whenever one of those articles come up,
she always had that at home for me to read. So I kind of, I was interested at,
from, from them and I've had four sightings myself quite vivid.
The first one was in Martha's vineyard. I was four in the morning. Uh,
I got up to take a leak on the balcony there.
And I looked up in the sky and about a hundred thousand feet up.
I saw two glowing disks flying in echelon formation. You saw this,
I saw this. I was, uh, was I'm in my thirties. Yeah.
And so I go, I look up and I see these things and they're moving, man.
They're going from horizon to horizon 20,000 miles an hour. And I,
I I've been in an F five. I've had it in my hands.
I've been in a [inaudible] I know helicopters. I know aviation. I know meteoric.
Bowlines I know what's not a meteor. And what is,
I know what's a helicopter and what is,
I know what's the moon and Venus two glowing, glowing round objects,
a hundred thousand feet, maybe 20,000 miles an hour.
They do it because they went across the sky, like just in a zigzag formation.
So if I screamed at my wife, my friends, they got up,
the three of us saw it and I said, you know,
and they all knew it was something unusual. That was my first sighting. Okay.
Now who knows? Okay. Meteoric bull ride.
There are many people that can dispute that. That wasn't real, but I,
I know what I saw. I know what my friends saw. I know what my wife saw.
Those things were moving. They were glowing, fast.
They were flying in formation and they were doing, uh,
enough speed to get from basically the right side of my eyes,
to the left side of my eyes really fast. The second one was, um,
I was, uh, I was in a, so that's, so that's four. I count those two as two.
And then the, the, the, the second one that I saw. So the one, two,
the third one I saw, I was, uh, I was in Montreal, Canada,
and I was on the 23rd floor of the queen Elizabeth hotel.
And this would have been when we were doing patrol, uh, in Canada,
the patrol tequila promotion. And that was it.
Would've been in the early two thousands. And, uh,
and I looked up and, uh,
beyond the window there and I saw this one,
it just looked like an on air mattress turned over on its, you know, with,
with the, with the bubbles on the bottom was huge. It was 150 feet, long,
50 feet, wide gray. It was a gray rainy day in Montreal,
broad daylight. And here was this thing at the 23rd story of the hotel.
And I'm looking at it and it moves slowly down on St. Catherine street.
And I'm thinking, where are the wires?
Where are the wires where it's gotta be a balloon. It's gotta be,
there's no Thanksgiving day parade here. What, what, what is that?
And my friends are with me. What is that?
And it come along and just parked outside the window. We looked at it,
big gray thing with these bulbs underneath,
and then it slowly turned and we saw the full length of it.
And then it went around the corner.
We ran out in the hall and we just watched a drift kind of sideways off over the
St. Lawrence river and disappear. When I fall, you know,
the people take pictures of those. No, we didn't get any pictures.
And I don't know who else saw in the 2000,
like to see five or six, something like that. Um,
and then the other people report it. No, I don't know. I should,
I should've checked and seen in Montreal with the local Newfoundland.
I think they have a representative up there, but, uh, it was vivid.
We all saw it. And then they, uh, the fourth one that I saw,
I was on my motorcycle, leaving town to go, uh, at Kingston, Ontario,
where I lived there and I was driving out of the farm gate. And, uh,
and I saw there's a power line that runs on the opposite farm there across the
road. And I saw this winking red light,
just moving slowly along the top of the power pylons. And I thought, well,
you know, helicopters, they do that kind of work where they,
where they string power lines, but they don't really do it at night.
I thought that's gotta be a chopper, a hydro chopper, like a hydro company,
chopper watching the power lines, checking for faults, or I dunno, I was,
and it goes along like this and I'm watching it. I stopped the bike, you know,
and I'm like,
and then it stops and makes a right angle turn and comes right at me.
And so I turned on the Iowa police motorcycle. So I turned on my wig wags,
you know.
Like that police motorcycles, cars.
Police, motorcycle, police equip well.
Oh, are you a cop, Tom Edward magic getting pulled over by a blues brother.
I've actually,
I've actually had the experience of actually pulling some people about it
anyway.
Sure.
Why'd you pull them over your sheriff while I was at preserved deputy sheriff
downtown.
And reserve a reserve, the reserve, I must say,
but I served under the first African-American sheriff and Heinz county,
Mississippi and its history. Anyway, back to my sighting, the thing comes along.
I will put it on the, the wig wags and the bike, and it stops above me.
And it turns on a light and I'm going, it looked where's the rotor wop.
Where's the, where's the wash. Where's it. Come on.
Or the helicopter at 3000 feet, you can hear it. This thing's like three,
400 feet above me. I'm looking at the thing. I'm thinking, where's the wash.
Where's the, where's the, it looks like it looks like helicopter.
It's gotta be a helicopter. Do I see a canopy? Do I see rings, rotors, nothing.
Just, just a mass of kind of metallic and lights.
And it just shines this light light on me.
And I turned the lights on the bike on and then turn them off.
And then it winked the light off and it just drifted out over the field and just
drifted off like that. So.
So you've had three different and then one.
Night, well, one night I was in bed. I was in night in bed with my wife.
It was in the 1987 or so. And, uh, I bought,
I woke bolt upright at three in the morning. I said, I gotta go outside.
I got to go outside. They're calling me, they're calling me.
They want me to see, they want me to see. And she says all, go back to sleep.
So I went back to sleep next day, all over the radio, upstate New York,
they talked about a big pink spiral in the sky that it appeared
to upstate Northern Northeastern Ontario and upstate New York.
And they were saying, oh, it was a Chinese rocket. What out?
A bottle rocket or the Chinese center? Rocket.
This was the explanation that the media and the government was giving at the
time. So those are my experiences right there.
And, and that's how you got hooked. And.
Then, and then an interesting thing,
same thing happened where I was doing a show, uh, called, uh,
out there beyond belief. And we were doing it, uh, over there for,
for Bonnie hammer over there at, uh, at the sci-fi channel.
And it was an interview show where I talked to Doug,
Meldrum the Sasquatch expert and, and all kinds of talk to Doug. Yeah.
I believe him. I believe him. He's passionate about it. I don't see why he,
he's also a scientist. I talked to all those people, but the,
the day that I had Steve Sasquatch is a real, yes, I do. I believe,
I believe that there's gotta be, there's just, uh, do you know, uh, uh, uh,
Gabrielle Reese, the Olympian. Sure. Got her run the podcast.
She talked about her Sasquatch expense.
No. Now I need to talk to you really good.
She's so gigantic and beautiful. I would imagine that Sasquatch wanted to breed.
Well, that's why apparently it shook a camper. That was she,
she was up in upstate a.
Super athlete.
She was attacked. Her camper was attacked by when she tells that story. Yeah.
But where was I about the, I was,
why don't we go back to the Gabrielle re Sasquatch?
I had interviewed all kinds of people on this show.
I have the day that.
My show was supposed to be a Squatch. It was supposed to be a yeah,
but it was supposed to be a show,
a saw on scifi channel and interview show where I'd interviewed everybody,
you know, uh, uh, all the people in the, in the field of cryptozoology and that
[inaudible] science fiction and theory and UFO's,
and I had Steven Greer and Steven Bassett on that same day.
Steven Greer on the show too.
Okay. So I interview Steven Bassett and I'm about to interview Greer.
And I get a call at about like noon at our noon break and
they call, and they say, your show's canceled.
We want you out of the studio by the end of the day. And, uh,
we're not going to air anything that you've done. Steven Greer,
Steven Bassett, Steven Greer, the UFO show. It gets canceled that day.
Now maybe Ms. Hammer made a decision, you know, talk shows.
Aren't really our thing. Or Ackroyd's not really what we want on our network,
or I don't know what she called by someone or why, what, why,
why that day when I was going to do this vivid, you know, UFO, uh, show,
uh, that was going to go out on the, on the, on the air eventually. Why,
why then did it get canceled? Those postings? How were the ratings? No,
we never, we never got to air. I did 26 of them and whenever.
It never got to air,
so you just filmed them and it never did you guys do any wacky ones where they
got the film and like, what are these crazy doing? Was there any of that?
Um, like if you were a nonbeliever,
non UFO enthusiast.
The interview show, I didn't show any footage. I just,
I just interviewed just talk to people. Yeah.
So the day of my UFO show that I was going to be my big Steven Greer and Steven
batshit show, he got canceled. So.
But do you think that they would listen Saifai is all about those shows? I mean,
I watched an episode of Saifai where there's a bunch of people that claim to be
trapped in a cabin in Maine because werewolf's were outside.
It's just like it's they're into non, they don't do talk shows.
I did a show on Saifai talk show called Joe Rogan questions,
everything where were last, not very long, but part of that was my idea.
I didn't know. You worked for Bonnie.
Worked for.
Bonnie hammer. It was different people.
She's one of the smartest executives in the industry.
And I don't doubt that she'll be running NBC someday or all of universal,
but I, and I just, I just, I would always like to know what happened.
Did someone call you Bonnie and say, you know, don't bring this.
Up now. I don't, no. One's going to call people about UFO.